#Javascriptreading - Clifford Strong II
##Chapter 1: In this chapter it mentions, while talking about how how strings of numbers often have to be reconfigured to optimize memory ussage. This i already knew, along with the fact that many much larger numers tend to use the e expoent figure to use equations to represent numbers. I learned this by using primative calculators in high school. What i didnt know however, was the concept of logical opperators. Ive read over it a couple times, and still dont 100% grasp it, but from what i understand its essentially a way of falling back on a value if the other value youre looking for happens to be empty, rather than having the system go kaput due to no more information being available. These are done through the figures ||.
##Chapter 2: In this chapter it starts by explaining how to use the applied values in chapter 1 and correspond them to expressions, the simpilest one being making a statement true or false. I knew about this concept to the degree that numerical values are used in place of expressions. What i didnt know however was the concept of binding. More specifically that it has such a long list of bindings that you can use, all for different purposes. 
##Chapter 3: For chapter 3, there really wasnt much that i already knew in this chapter, other than the fact that the average english speaker has 20,000 words in their vocabulary, that i did know. What i didnt know, was the concept of scopes. The scope is essentially the casing for bindings, the global and local bindings. 
